####Function method explained

The method .function's argument must be a collection. The method .inject's argument is an accumulator. The block proceding has two interpolations. The first is .inject's accumulator, an empty hash. The second interpolation 'b' will iterate thru the collection. The block of code that follows begins to populate the empty hash or 'accumulator' with keys and values. 
The keys come from the iterated collection. The corresponding values also come from the iterated collection however, the a[b] or Hash[key] method is trying to create a new key value pair with a value belonging to the key currerntly being created. That value has not been defined yet and has a value of nil. This is where it's a bit cheeky. The .to_i method with an argument of nil always equals 0. With the addition of 1 during the iteration every value in the new hash will be 1. The hash is then returned to begin the next iteration. The .inject method needs the accumulator returned to continue the iteration without error. The last part of the function method uses the .reject method iterating over the new collection and returning the obj that passed the constraints of .rejects's block. In this case if val is equal to 1 it rejects or removes the key value pair of code and returns whats left in the hash. Last but not least .keys method just returns an array of keys extracted from the hash. Here it returns an empty array since all of the values in hash were rejected. So all said and done .function returns an empty array regardles of what kind of collection you send it. 



